Setting Up A React Environment: Link to prettier and eslint config (#27423)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: react/introduction/setting_up_a_react_environment.md

### Keeping it clean

> The starter project ships with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/). You could also set up [Prettier](https://github.com/prettier/eslint-config-prettier) to help keep your React code as clean as can be.

Reviewer: We actually point to eslint-config-prettier in the JS course > Linting lesson, so the verbiage could be further tweaked:

```suggestion
The starter project ships with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/). If you haven't been doing it or simply forgot about it from our [linting lesson](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-javascript-linting), be sure to also set up [eslint-config-prettier](https://github.com/prettier/eslint-config-prettier) to help keep your React code as clean as can be.
```

Author: That's a great idea, don't want to have 2 different places pointing to the same resource!
